.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.TH CHRPATH 1 "May 4, 2002" "chrpath" "change rpath/runpath in binaries"
.SH NAME
chrpath \- change the rpath or runpath in binaries
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBchrpath\fP
[ \fB-v\fP | \fB--version\fP ]
[ \fB-d\fP | \fB--delete\fP ]
[ \fB-r\fP \fI<path>\fP |\  \fB--replace\fP \fI<path>\fP ]
[ \fB-c\fP | \fB--convert\fP ]
[ \fB-l\fP | \fB--list\fP ]
[ \fB-h\fP | \fB--help\fP ]
\fI<program>\fP [ \fI<program>\fP ... ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBchrpath\fP changes, lists or removes the rpath or runpath setting in a
binary.  The rpath, or runpath if it is present, is where the runtime linker
should look for the libraries needed for a program.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR -v \ |\  --version
Display program version number
.TP
.BR -d \ |\  --delete
Delete current rpath or runpath setting
.TP
.BR -c \ |\  --convert
Convert the rpath setting into a runpath setting
.TP
.BI -r\ \fI<path>\fP\ |\ --replace\ \fI<path>\fP
Replace current rpath or runpath setting with the path given
.TP
.BR -k \ |\  --keepgoing
Do not fail on first error, but process all arguments before returning
the error.
.TP
.BR -l \ |\  --list
List the current rpath or runpath (default)
.TP
.BR -h \ |\  --help
Show usage information.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.BR 0
If all operations were successful
.TP
.BR > 0
if one of the operations failed.  A failing operation terminates
the program unless -k is specified.

.SH AUTHOR
The chrpath program was written by Petter Reinholdtsen
<pere@hungry.com>, based on works by Geoffrey Keating
<geoffk@ozemail.com.au> and Peeter Joot <peeterj@ca.ibm.com>.

This manual page was originally written by
Tollef Fog Heen <tfheen@debian.org>, for the Debian GNU/Linux
system (but may be used by others).
